c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\CopyPaste.exe.config
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\CopyPaste.exe
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\CopyPaste.pdb
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\CopyPaste_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\CopyPaste.g.resources
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\CopyPaste.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\CopyPaste.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\CopyPaste.exe
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\CopyPaste.pdb
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\Icons\test2.ico
c:\users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\CopyPaste_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
C:\Users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
C:\Users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
C:\Users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
C:\Users\msnochow\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\msnochow\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopyPaste\obj\Debug\CopyPaste.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
